Michael Dec '23 doc updates (#142)
populationgenomics/team-docs: pre-commit.md

# Setting up Pre-Commit

When creating a new Python code repository, the preferred approach is to create a new branch from the template repo (see [new repository template](new_repository.md#Repository Template)). Where that is not possible e.g. adding pre-commit to an existing repository, please add these configuration files into the root folder.

> (you can skip the last 3 lines if your project is not going to contain any python code):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(you can skip the last line if your project is not going to contain any python code):
```
Just the last line now that pylint/flake8 are scrubbed?

Author: Deleted this files because I removed all the template files from here, and it should be clear enough on the _setting up a new repo_ doc.
